Clarifying list continuation in ordered lists (#68)
asciidoctor/asciidoc-docs: docs/modules/lists/pages/ordered.adoc

include::example$ordered.adoc[tag=base-num-start]
----

In general, though, rather than typing numbers, if you need to interrupt the default sequence, use the `start` attribute:

[source]
----
include::example$ordered.adoc[tag=base-start]
----

If your ordered list includes figures or independent chunks of text, as is often the case when documenting steps in a procedure, you may find your steps resetting to 1 when you don't want them to. 
This may happen, for example, after figures or multiparagraph steps. 
In these cases, don't use the `start` attribute to continue the numbering.
You don't want to have to manually update `start` numbers—or risk having the `start` numbers become wrong—every time you add or remove a step.
Instead, use a list continuation—a `{plus}` symbol on its own line—between the numbered list items and all other content elements in your list.

> * For how-to details, see the https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/continuation/[List Continuation^] section of this documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For how-to details, see the xref:continuation.adoc[] section of this documentation.
```
